tomalak supercross live here with the
monster energy cup it is over I'm with
Kevin Barnett Kevin what a what a
weekend it was I mean it started out on
Thursday building this thing up is
someone going to get that million
dollars right and we answer the question
it was Ryan Villopoto unbelievable ride
by Ryan Villopoto everybody said he was
the favored coming in and he certainly
proved that he was he not only went home
with the million he took it from
everybody else he just checked out in
all three of those Moto's once he got
out front it was all over simply amazing
to watch him ride the rhythm that he's
been in with that bike since he got on a
2012 cowie in something else that you
know he's taking a little bit different
lines i noticed i was watching some of
the lines and he was looking for
traction out there was a blue group out
there we had started seeing that earlier
the guys were searching around for
traction that sand was treacherous all
day long yeah he came off during the
second moto right as soon as he was off
talking the dirt works guys about the
early part of that sand section if you
watch him in the turns the way he flips
the bike is unlike anybody else he seems
like he can just do anything that he
wants in those corners with the bike a
good ride for the man who debuted his
KTM the Red Bull KTM rider Ryan Dungey I
thought he put in a great ride and you
know what he's going to go back and he's
going to be ready for Anaheim you know
he's going to get faster and you have to
believe this is a big success for that
team been on the bike couple three weeks
maybe you come out you run a solid
second he knows he can gain time on
Villopoto there he knows he's going to
get it with the testing with all the
comfort level that he's going to have
before January another guy come January
gained a lot of confidence tonight the
manna on the factory Suzuki Brett
Metcalfe finishing up third and he was
up there all night he was a very
consistent ride for Metcalfe I'm
impressed I think Metcalfe is one of
those guys you don't necessarily hear
his name all the time but he goes fast a
lot and he seems like he's just getting
faster and faster the more seasons when
you mentioned some of those names some
of the names we're going to hear in the
future in the supermini class it was
Adam cirilo dominating there he did he
dominated and I do like that Cooper Webb
game a little bit of a run in the main
that made it made it more interesting in
the second main but yeah since arilla
when he gets going he looks like not a
mini rider he looks like a top rider a
pro rider just in small form that's not
always the case he's really a special
talent another one that made it
interesting was the amateur all-stars
coming away with that was another
Kawasaki rider
and that was Justin Hill came away with
that win with a 14 yeah Justin Hill
fantastic second moto went over gave his
brother a big hug and he hung on a
couple of times a couple of sketchy
moments it always seems like there's a
couple of moments where a guy could lose
it or not when they're going real fast
but he'll again on another kawasaki
looks so comfortable the kawasaki
kawasaki program is so set up for the
future since Cirillo hill and Villopoto
at the top now well what do you think
the inaugural monster energy cup it is
over we put it to bed now here at Las
Vegas sam boyd stadium now all these
guys can go back and start testing and
getting ready for 2012 I liked the
format a lot and I think people talked
about oh it's ten laps you don't need as
much endurance you don't really have to
be in as good a shape but it was 10 laps
minute 30 lap times more or less and you
had to go back and you only had 15
minutes between Moto's that's what I
think made it really interesting was
that format and how those guys cope with
it well and here's the other thing you'd
mentioned the physical aspect of it I
was thinking about the mental aspect I
mean it's so hard to get yourself
motivated for that main event but they
had three of them and they only had ten
minutes in between to get ready for
these things I mean that's what
impressed me most and the focus and the
confidence it took Ryan Villopoto to
come away with that million dollars i
mean i know he had to been thinking
about it well Villopoto was an
interesting choice that he made he
stayed between Moto's two and three his
bike went back to the trailer he stayed
down and waited between the race I
thought that was an interesting choice
perhaps to stay out of the mayhem of the
pits and then he saw him come back out
and I wondered with a lot of lap and a
half to go I said you Jim what's he
going to do is he a little nervous
butterflies he throws a huge whip off
the double he was feeling it all night
great result for Villopoto incredible
for that team and I'm looking forward to
Supercross there you go that's it we're
going to wrap it up here at Sam Boyd
Stadium that is it further monster
energy cup Ryan Villopoto comes away
with that million dollars I guess we can
call him the million dollar man for
myself Jim Holly Kevin Barnett we're
done